# Q0: Why are these two errors being thrown?
1. Pending migration exist.
2. Model hasn't been created.

# Q1: How are the random Pokemon appearing? What is the common factor between all the possible Pokemon that appear? *
The random pokemon are appearing as little images with text saying "It says a wild <Pokemon name> has appeared!" I'm not sure really what yo mean by what is the common factor, but all of them are wile and are assigned a level randomly between one and twenty.

# Question 2a: What does the following line do "<%= button_to "Throw a Pokeball!", capture_path(id: @pokemon), :class => "button medium", :method => :patch %>"? Be specific about what "capture_path(id: @pokemon)" is doing. If you're having trouble, look at the Help section in the README.
The line will capture a new pokemon to the current trainer that is logged in. The capture_path is simply a route that was given a name using the "as: <path prefix>" feature and it accepts an id of the pokemon to be captured". The request is of a patch type because, we are going to update the belongs to field of the correspoding pokemon." 
# Question 3: What would you name your own Pokemon?
Oksi
# Question 4: What did you pass into the redirect_to? If it is a path, what did that path need? If it is not a path, why is it okay not to have a path here?
I passed in redirect_to trainer_path(current_trainer). This path needed an id of the current_trainer inorder to go back to the proper trainers show template"
# Question 5: Explain how putting this line "flash[:error] = @pokemon.errors.full_messages.to_sentence" shows error messages on your form.
It will catch any erros generated by that pokemon, placing them into an array and then turning them into sentnces to bre printed out.  

https://github.com/xperrylinn/proj1

# Give us feedback on the project and decal below!

# Extra credit: Link your Heroku deployed app

